Geth is a utility for testing web servers. It will send a GET,
HEAD, POST, or PUT request to a server. The user can supply
the data for a POST or PUT request, and can specify various
headers.  Geth can be configured to use a proxy if necessary.

Once a request is sent, the response's headers are shown in a
text area (or on standard output if geth is run as a command-line
program).  The headers include those that occur during HTTP
redirects. For supported text-based formats, all or a limite
number of lines from the server can be displayed.

It is also possible to specify timeouts for establishing
connections and reading data: when run in a script for
testing, it is undesirable if geth waits indefinitely
due to a server not responding.

Documention includes two 'man' pages, one for the geth command
and the other describing file formats, and manual accessible
from geth's "help" menu.

                 ----------- COMPILATION ------------

Before compilation, a recent version of the Java JDK should be
installed.  The standard Debian package manager dpkg
should be installed as well.

To compile and build a Debian package, just type the command

   make

To just create the program's JAR file, run

   make geth.jar

These commands may use the following programs: javac, jar, cp, sed,
install, inkscape, rm, gzip, chmod, mkdir, dpkg-deb, and fakeroot.

     sudo dpkg -i geth_VERSION_all.deb

where VERSION is the current version number for the evdisk package.


To install the program directly (i.e, without using the package
manager), type the command

   sudo make install

                   --------- FILES -----------

The Git repository for EVDisk contains several files:

  * changelog contains a log describing changes from one version
    to the next.  When changed, a new version number and date
    should be added for each entry - none of that is done automatically.

  * deb/changelog.Debian really just points to changelog and is there
    because Debian installations expect it. The version number and date
    are automatically generated from data in the makefile.

  * deb/control is the Debian control file.

  * copyright is the standard copyright notice and contains licensing
    information (GPLv3, or later)

  * geth is a shell script that will start geth from the command
    line.

  * geth.1 is the man page for the geth command

  * geth.5 is the man page for the file formats that geth uses.

  * geth.desktop contains the desktop file.

  * src and its subdirectories contains the source code.

  * Makefile contains the file used by the 'make' command to build a package.
    For each new version, Makefile should be modified to set the new
    version string.
